[Music]
uh let's
see that's good okay so uh let's make
our to-do
list okay so
um so we need to we need to reorganize
all this let's make sure all of this is
in the actual to-do list so
this can get done
into
here
V okay
cool okay
um control Pico so we're doing
this yeah the pitch
holder the pitch holder
with I don't even know what that
means
um cuz this is in there bearing redesign
is um important let's
see uh okay
yeah R yeah that's something I want to
do B motor ball shooter that's
done this we're doing right now that is
in
there and then I just bought
um I just bought a uh USB to
um uart so I won't have to use the USB
on the actual
microcontroller just another protocol
and thing that'll you know I feel like
it's good to have bearing redesign
that's for
sure going into to
do oops
somebody probably find a p yeah right
um this this is probably going to be
deprecated this is just like random
notes we can put this below the to-do
list
um so let's put these at the bottom
cuz the adjustable width
flywheel is a good
idea I do want to
um get new
Motors
um good to have and learn how to use
uh latching assemblies yeah I I
definitely want to do
some we need
to I mean this is all just organization
but at some point I need
to
okay all right I'm down to put all of
these so
uh oops it's
uh wait oh yeah
I need to prioritize certain things so
today today the goal is
to
um get the flywheel
at least
mounted to the
yaw
ideally pitch two but I feel like the
pitch is not going to work because if
you just look at the
size
um if we decrease the well we we'll hop
into CAD in a minute or after we do this
and see how feasible everything
is
okay I'll be back oh let me turn on
power toys
[Applause]
for
e
e e
okay
so did I even write down the
goal yeah this is pretty much the main
goal I
mean I only really just started doing
this like trying to go hard every day
we'll see how long I last but basically
having one good goal every day that you
can take a clip of and be like all right
this is the real progress that happened
but I've been meaning to do this wired
thing even though it's not on the
critical path forever so basically yeah
do the wired uh serial con control of
stepper and okay so these are the two
goals for today
basically so uh so
yeah um
okay so let's just
um I think I can just run
this select
this watch wait hold
on let me read this I've recently
started programming the Raspberry Pi
Pico in Michael python
the system will be connected to a
PC where I use serial communication to
I'm trying to do the same for the P if
there better options let me I found that
I can use the standard in read line
command but I'm confused how the data is
returned is it
the oh yeah see this is exactly
what what the
hell for
wait let's go back to the other
one wait is does this code not work
what
the oh it's LF dude I didn't I don't
remember
that that's crazy
that okay so let's try to run
this okay then I go to serial
monitor com 10 that's
correct the B rate yeah that's probably
right so now I need to send oh what
start monitoring fail to open com Town
that's probably because of this
extension
right yeah
um if I disable this
extension
temporarily okay so then I'm going to
reopen this so okay
okay yeah so I guess that thing holds on
to it but that's fine so we do n wait
why can't I type
here oh wait wait what the hell
oh
wait wait so we need
to okay wait let's let's do a little
test so right first I don't really care
um but
then um
what is it called
Pico no what
dude my
proo enable so we enable it we do
this okay it should turn to
connected so now we run the file wait
yeah we run the file so we're good but
now if we close this
well that's actually interesting so how
is
it how does that work
because if that's the case then I could
just
send I could just like write the code to
run
directly
um and circumvent needing to do serial
communication but
okay so I'm going to close
this wait but I can't close
that right I can't close that because
then print doesn't
work e
okay see it just doesn't know
python no I don't think print
that's normal
python is that true maybe it does just
work so we're going to kill this open up
serial monitor start monitoring fail to
open okay let me try to disable the
extension I'm guessing that that is what
it
is okay so the code should still be
running on
it
sweet so now
the LED is not
on and it
didn't yeah it it
doesn't
wait okay so what do we need to do now
we need to do stop monitoring
then we need to enable
this then we need to run
this then we need to kill
this or wait maybe we can just disable
the extension let's try that no but this
will kill the
uh well okay almost certainly this is
going to yeah so then if we do restart
extensions
okay I want to see I I I know that this
works so I don't really need to change
that
okay so why is this not
working I mean okay
print is not
it yeah oh okay this looks exactly like
what I I can see the string in the
console of th closing th to release the
comport and opening a terminal software
shows me
DTR
I want
that okay so let's do it one more time
this is such a pain in the butt
though
enable
run run
it did it
work oh wait I probably have to do
this there we go
wait let's kill
this let's run it oh oh wait is going to
work this should work oh I don't know
what's going on oh you know what it
probably is
um I didn't do it in the right
order okay
wait for this okay cool run okay so we
get so we get
hello CIS standard in read line
cuz you need to keep that repple running
but that reppel makes
the that repo makes the
comport I don't know how you do this
um e
wait for events socket SSL struct
sis wait hold on let's just read the
documentation wait can we just actually
um maybe I could just try ardu know I
don't really want to flash it
though cuz it's such a
pain so um
but when you use th to run a program Dan
is using the USB serial link
what is USB serial
what is
this okay wait let's do test two
oh this is definitely more complicated
than I
thought it's because of the
repple
e
e e
okay I feel like it's clear that I'm in
over my head a little bit and
understanding what exactly is going on
but uh
print
okay I should just I wish I could sync
it with my
phone
um but yeah I don't want to type this
all out so I'm just going to do this
help me understand
how help me understand how
um uh micropython is sort of different
than
Arduino um Arduino has a serial.
printline function that sends it to the
cial and when you use the normal print
command it sends it
to the active python or micropython
repple which I guess
is maybe that's all managed as a
serial I guess that that
um what what I'm trying to
do
is not
use the micr python
reppel but open a new comport or open
the comport in a normal serial Monitor
and just send commands and receive
commands from the
um from micro python from the
microcontroller but it seems like when I
run
print
um when I run print it does not show up
in the serial monitor even though I have
opened up the serial port and closed all
the other
ones all right I'll just read
it micropython and Areo different in how
they handle serial communication
in micropython the repple is a Serial
interface itself when you run a command
by the repel the output such as print
gets sent back to the Reel
session however if you exit the reppel
and use a normal serial monitor like
arduinos or putty you should still be
able to see the output from
print so wait let's try let's just try
this um
okay so we're going to
stop we're going to run this
why is it going in such a
weird okay so now we're going to kill
this we're going to deactivate the
extension we're going to restart we're
going to open up a Serial monitor
we're going to start
monitoring
oh so then okay so then there is just a
problem with the
input right I I yeah I'm tweaking sweet
so that's
great okay that demystifies a lot of
what's going on on to be
honest that is very
nice so now the problem is just the
input okay so
let's okay so now we're going to try to
run this so we're going to stop
monitoring going to terminal we're going
to
enable we're going to run
okay now we should be able to do
high okay so that's good so now we're
going to turn this off so we don't
actually have to turn this off but okay
but I want to turn it
off just to make sure okay you disable
restart serial
monitor start
monitoring
hi okay sent message hi hello from the
Pico hi okay so that's good so now all
we need to do
is a comparison if so wait so we can go
back to this
so let's just copy over the LED
code okay so we turn off the LED and now
all we need to do is
if this
we
put
that and this
is I I don't know what that's for
but I don't think that that
actually okay so all right so let's stop
monitoring okay now that I know that it
works like that I can just do it in the
repple because it's a Serial interface
anyways so we can just we don't have to
do this whole roundabout
thing so we run this now we type on
oh wait
okay
need unknown
command oh wait um
hey sweet all right so everything makes
sense
now now we just have to hook it up to my
phone
so I'm going to
unplug
this
USB then I'm going to take my phone
and I
have a USBC to normal USB and then a USB
2 to micro and so we're going to and
then I've downloaded an app called
whatever basically a Serial monitor for
uh for
Android okay now I just need
to um okay so nothing happened so that's
not really a good sign
yeah I sort of worried about these
adapters what's another way that I could
do this
um I mean it it didn't even come up with
the USB
thing
so let me just try switching this USB
because I feel like maybe I've had
problems with this in the
past although wait let me just try this
yeah USB debugging okay well whatever
let's just
try in any case cuz who
knows I think it's most likely the
adapter though
okay so let me just ask Chad
gbt okay now I have serial communication
with micropython demystified and it
makes sense but now what I want to do is
unplug the my computer to uh ESP
connection and then plug in my phone and
I have a USBC to USB 2 then a male and
then a adapter that goes female USB 2 to
male micro USB and I connect that to the
ESP and I've tested that when
I use just a USB C to a USB 2 into my
computer from with my phone I hear a
sound and it detects it and the dialogue
box for USB debugging shows up on my
Android phone but I get nothing when I
plug
in
um to the ESP so I think the USBC cable
works it's possible the the adapter
cable is just for power I've I've read
stuff about that I don't know about that
and then
um the other concern that I have is
maybe I have to power the ESP externally
although that doesn't really make sense
cuz I'm pretty sure that USB has a 5V
thing so uh yeah I don't
know wait maybe I could do a a female
micro to USB 2 mail and then plug it in
and see if I get a connection
cuz I probably wouldn't that would test
okay so I'll go
downstairs um I'm glad I bought
those I'm glad I got that uart thing
because this is becoming kind of painful
I feel like I might be able to get it to
work but it's always just the unknown of
these stupid USB
cables um so what should I do I should
um
um okay I'm just going to go look
through my USB cables and
see what I can
do
e
e e
okay well I think I have to give up on
that because I just don't have the
adapters
that I
need I couldn't find
a USB to
USB which would let me at least test
if this pack of adapters that I have
Works um
I do want to
test this for no reason at all
really I'm almost positive this one
works so this is USBC to
usb2 male then USB 2 female to C male
that works just
fine so if I had a
c female to micro
mail that would
work um well let me hedge my bets and
get
a e
presumably these have
data sport charge data sync compatible
with
okay okay I'm going to try that so I'm
going to get these
actually wait there's one more place I
could
check
e
e e
okay if by some miracle the USB 2 male
or fale to
female doesn't work we have one more
chance really and then I just ordered
some of the presumably the correct
part this is a total nightmare man
um okay so
now
okay I mean this has four pins in it
this has four pins in it too so I don't
really get why it doesn't
work this would be so wait this is not
what I
want damn this is so Random bro
okay um well that was no good
but e
dude what kind of [__] comment is
that I don't even I don't even recommend
connecting it to a PC come on
[__] well that's cool
like what is the
difference
e
for
e e
okay I'm calling it on this part of the
thing we'll have to wait till
tomorrow that is so [__]
ay man
okay let's move on let's move on I don't
care about this at all
okay so let's get that back to
business
so this was 156
uh actually wait hold
on um
uh wait when we do this why don't we
just um
what is it called it's
[Music]
um okay
cool it turns them off or on
okay now we copy
this turn off all turn off
all okay
now oh
dude that's the problem is GPT doesn't
because of how opaque this thing
is okay so
hi everyone my name is Mike Aubrey I'm
one of the evangelists on the fusion 360
team and this is a video to help you get
started doing your first script in
Fusion 360 with python fair warning I'm
not a coder and that actually be really
good for some of you guys it'll be
terrible for some of you all I did a
little bit of C++ in college I'm a
mechanical engineer by background I've
been in the cat industry for a little
over 10 years now if you're a real coder
you're going to have a bad time and you
should instead take a look at Brian eans
getting started in in Fusion 360's API
video that's going to be a lot more cut
to the chase
okay should I just read some of
this for
that that's
um okay so this is the python
interpreter and
then oh right and then this is probably
not a
real path unfortunately
please work please work please
work thanks guys thanks that's super
nice wait why did it copy as oh because
they're escaped dude you got to be
kidding
me okay so let's
um go to this read me
okay wait so we have
this oh yeah we forgot to do this so the
python interpreter is not there
hopefully this
works okay nice that's
sick that's not API it's in
Python okay
control shift
C okay so I want to add I just want to
um
okay so
um wait but is this
right I think it's in
core
component do look a visible
let's just look at some of the sample
um oh wait but where are the uh built-in
samples okay
okay so let's just look at what bolt
does
I mean my productivity will be much
better once I
um can do this
create a
point
3D oh my
goodness okay
this is making a hex head or
something can we can we run this let's
uh do a new
this uh
bolt that's pretty great though
right when creating a thread the type
and size of the thread is specified by
referencing thread information to finded
in one of the XML files in the thread
data
folder default metric thread oh yes so
they have a helper here
but does that depend on the oh yeah
recommended thread data by based on body
diameter right I've seen that
if I wonder if there's a okay so can I
click on okay
nice that's
great so this is thread features so wait
can I see
modeled no no no
no is
modeled Setter okay wait so I want to
modify I want to okay so I want
to we're going to do a little thing so
I'm going to do
this this
create
modeled
bolt okay
create
that now we're going to go
into this this copy all of
this go to uh scripts modeled
bolt I'm going to copy all of this now
in the thread part to do L that's fun as
hell okay
now let's let's go back to
the so this is on thread feature so we
need to find the thread
feature this is a type thread
features
okay so what is this a type of
no thread info
wait but where is
the I need to set is model to tr that's
all I want to
do oh wait we have a Setter on thread
feature input too so thread this is a
thread
info uh
um where's the thread
oops this is a thread features this is
a this is the thread feature input so
now we want to say thread input dot is
modeled equals
true okay now we want to run
this wait oops we want
to run this here
okay
now we want to run this oh nice look at
that that's
sweet that is very
cool I'm pretty happy about
that
um should we just go to a little side
quest of
generating a ton of
um a ton of
threads okay
so let just to in the create new
component
thing add new component this is a new
this is a
component what I want to do is in this
I don't know what it's
called wait let's
um I'm sorry
what a property that gets and sets if
the display is enabled
for that's what they call it is light
bulb
on oh wait that wait
what wait what the hell is going oh oh
you know what
this is an analysis is there a class
component
okay wait but we probably want to go to
this you can set the name that's cool
parent design there's probably a parent
uh component
too okay so there's not really that much
in there but this probably
inherits C up base
okay that doesn't have anything in
it okay
let's just try
is is origin okay is sketch
folder dude I can't believe they named
their visibility property is light bulb
on that's just silly as hell bro
that really is Goofy a
[__]
e
e e
okay
is sketchful okay right okay I I get it
yeah you just got to learn the language
you
know you can have a
description I never knew that
how do you
even oh yeah there you
go oh wow look at all these physical oh
that's so oh wow that's so cool I never
knew you could do moment of inertia and
stuff like that that's very nice okay
ooh
isn't there a top
level that's
it let's go back to the up isn't there a
top
level wait actually wait how do I get
the components let's go to design is
there a class
design
okay object that represents an open
Fusion
Design right okay wait hold on so let's
um uh let's go to to a simpler one wait
can we close this and just
um stick
to
this
so okay wait can we go
to let's look at this one
can I type this
see if that resolves can I click on that
where is it actually though that's the
question okay so it's not in there it's
infusion so it's actually
Fusion Okay
cool so
now that goes to this this goes to
that is this in okay
but that's not but wait where are the
objects okay so this is like some
weird I feel like that's some
weird way to define all of its uh
see that's what's weird is
um I feel like this was not the
same cuz these names don't look
like were these the same names
I I guess it
was okay but do I get
um so this is of type
component if I
do I don't get anything
wait but I could just do
this I'm almost
positive or wait no not this but
um okay so what do I want to do is there
a way to
there is a way to just turn this on and
off so that is the button that we
want presumably there is just
a light bulb on so let's just contrl f
for
there is a top level one
though
um what is where is where am I here what
is
this oh wait this is where they Define
the
what is canvas
folder I don't know what canvas is
okay wait let's just do um so wait so in
the
um
empty um let's do
um that's um
okay
um let's see if that works
wait app okay wait okay
app
okay but the problem
is yeah it goes into this obsc
Steed pyd which is like python bik
code so that doesn't help me at
all get
documents but it's
underscored what are the not underscored
ones can we just do
um can we do um for
this is so Random okay wait documents
okay can we
just this probably returns some pointer
as well
okay so wait
documents get
documents this returns this which is
hidden obviously
wait but
actually I
think if we look up class
documents oh okay so there's a get item
cool that's nice
okay so let's
do let's do documents
account
what there's 16 documents
open can we run it
here dude how is there 16
oh that must be
um wait let's open a new one and let's
run it again okay so at least it
increases when we open a new document
that's pretty
cool okay so let's um
let's do this we have
um uh let oh wait I'm so used to rust
docs
zero is it a name okay so this is a type
document presumably
a get item returns a document so now we
want to do class
document
okay get name set name save save
as okay
wait can I get the count okay wait so
let's do this um or doc okay stir
or hopefully that
works and is it
name
yeah okay let's run it
that's so sick
man I didn't know all these documents
were open
though okay with a little bit of work
this API is getting easier to to read I
just it's like a thousand it's like
100,000 lines of code so it's
like uh daunting at first but once
you once you start investigating it's
not so
bad um okay so now so wait hold on let's
just um
oh it's not this one it's
um okay
I haven't done any rust coding in a
while so I'm just going to write a
simple command line tool and add it to
my path that creates one of these so I
don't have to go through this awful
awful
dialogue um
um okay so what are we doing we're going
to do
um wait did I just make a change no okay
wait can we just do it um let's just do
it in
um the repo we don't need to make a repo
for this so in
scripts
uh default just
script yeah
um okay wait let me just ask GPT because
I don't remember
okay
[Music]
um to make a fusion script you need to
basically make
a folder in a specific place with a few
files as
children I want to write a rust
script rust binary that I can run from
anywhere that will make
a well
make the folder and
files instead of having to go through
the dialogue box in
okay e
okay that's good new
Fusion okay then we need a data folder
and this data folder is going to have
this let's just do this copy paste
launch. Json then the
this which
is all good
and then what is the
empty
um and then rename this
to okay
fantastic okay
so I
have I have
uh so now let's write the actual seal on
it in the root folder of my cargo
project named new Fusion I
have
uh new Fusion SL data in there the there
are three
files
one default. manifest
to default.
py3 launch.
Json now the script now the clii needs
to make a
folder named
folder at whereever the ca is being run
from then with a name provided by
user
then default.
manifest
is in default
Pi are
named are re are copied or renamed to
the user provided name keeping
bi and
um then copied into the created
folder launch. Json
it is placed into a vs code folder
created within
the oh you got to be kidding me wait
hold on can I inspect
element what the fck
[Music]
can I control
F okay
okay
well I have to do three p what the Fick
damn these freaking cap does these cap
does
okay e
I don't think the script is going to
work pathing is one of the worst things
about
programming bar none bro
wait does Tri a command
dude I hate
this e
dude why is it doing all these dumb
decisions at this point I just want this
thing to be done
no way that's how you do
it e
yeah
okay okay um
and then what do I need to put any to
put
um Target release yeah
copy
path
cool this environment variable is too
large need to delete some I hate this
dude this [__] is like the most insane
nonsense I just deleted the mtech one
okay
so now let's do
um oh
wait first off now that that's closed I
can do
this another
term
nice so I think I might be able to just
do this but probably not
that's so freaking annoying
what bro what
come on man Windows is such hor [__]
literally I hate
this like what are you doing to me
bro
e
e e
I think it's possible that I didn't
completely close vs code yeah because
there's another one
open that's probably what it
is let's close this other
one oh okay
nice okay seems like it works so now it
was this
okay so
now oh it doesn't have a
damn
okay we'll definitely have to um
all
I don't think that actually did that's
what I
want cuz I didn't actually point it to
the um
specific but
whatever oh wait hold on
oh wait uh
Target cool so
that at some point will pay
off damn this thing warps so freaking
much got to get this thing out of the
sun dude holy cow
thing is like
butter yeah this thing
just oh that sucks that
stinks so we'll have
to okay hold on
yeah it's become like a bowl maybe I
could flip it upside
down seems like a lot of
work we need to make it out of something
else
yeah pla is so freaking
weak
wow you really cannot get pla hot
I mean in some sense it's actually very
cool I mean just
how oh yeah it's like a seesaw okay
whatever let's um
let's get down to
business okay
so okay so let's just get into it we're
not going to do any scripting we just we
just set up the
actual okay so what is the distance
between this and
176 oh but we can't use those we need
this one
and this one 152 I'm pretty sure that
that's
actually that's actually like
perfect okay
so e
I could build it as like a square so
that this has a bottom and then there's
holes on this plate to
uh then we need more
clearance slightly
this is 86
why do we need this 10
you can't control
click that's
five so oh yeah five because of the
wall so we don't actually have a lot of
room there
I mean yeah if you just add the
um width of two two times motor yeah cuz
the
motor diameter is 44.
5 so times
2 the basically 90
so we definitely need to move it out
okay well we're going to have to reprint
that we're going to have to redesign
that to be thicker for
sure so now the question is
you kind of
need but maybe what if it's like really
tall
and you use bigger gears maybe and you
flip the motor inside
so okay so these are the F Wheels this
is this
ah I did it wrong
again so wait so you have this
motor like that connected to a
gear connected to a big long
gear
no well why not because
this would need to be like really long
so that this
okay well if we're going to reprint it
we could honestly have have it hanging
over the
edge this is um
so these holes don't work right and you
can see that pretty clearly right now
but I found you really only
need
two so maybe we could move these out
let's see what is the distance what is
81 and okay so let's calculate how much
space we need for Gears
well I think that's actually determined
by the
shaft length which is like 21
okay let me take a step
back we need
so we can make this an L
here and it only needs to be probably
like
mm but then that's going to be
um 156 + 60 is
2 16
um but then the distance of
the okay so what I want to know is how
far that move this top
plate if I move that five in I'm
probably good so that will be so let's
just start with that
so what is the
distance
from how do we want to do this we want
to say this to here but actually
radially so we need to draw a
line through here
to there where this is coincident with
that
okay but we we need the
distance no how do you get diagonal
distance oh yeah you can do that like
that so 106 so we need this to be like a
100 yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah okay so if
we're going to draw this top plate again
we have two circles
here 100
away or actually no di diagonal distance
of 100
right
um that should be good
but then we can have a top plate that
goes out maybe 15 more than that and
then it becomes the the
wall and then let's see how much space
does that give
us
inside cuz we can negotiate on
the flywheel size I mean I was really
happy with the speed that we got like
that was really nice
but we can decrease it a little bit just
for the sake of prototyping I
guess okay so
wait what am I
saying so you want two holes here
okay we're going to keep this
so draw on this
face oh wait
uh no yeah we do want to draw
on this
face and then we want to project
this okay then we want
to okay now we need a circle from this
to be 250
this constrained okay I think it is so
uh that probably already is oh no it's
not yeah cuz we start from there so then
uh let's just
um wa this
fer on here we going to make it five
again sh this out by uh 30 I think
and then we're going to
um oh wait we don't need to do the
mirror until we do the
holes can you do an insert Drive where
it's wait insert
component oh wait yeah yeah okay wait
hold on let's just do that so we're
going to undo undo undo undo undo all of
this
sketching and we're going to undo the
new component we're going to insert
component wait I don't know if this is
right
yeah so not
that oh
wait okay insert
Drive wait a minute wait a minute
that's that's no good
oh my
God bro that was scary as hell what the
hell that was that was
almost
terrible
terrible okay now we want top plate
dude what the hell is going on
here insert
derive face Sher
assembly oh
okay so now we want to break
link okay but oh but that's so annoying
we don't get the
history that's like so Random I don't
know why
why can't it just import
the oh wait can I just just do a cross
can I do a
copy let's undo
this paste
new oh sick so if I do this please tell
me I get okay
nice I lose yeah I lose like a bunch of
random stuff
but that's
fine um but this doesn't really help me
I feel like maybe I should just start it
over you know what's stupid about this
design this design is not going to work
yeah you can't just build an L there
because then it's fastened in
place
well we could do that if we want to be
really lame
but I feel
like we really want pitch
working okay so let's just undo and
start from scratch like we
had so wait but we're going to need to
start over because how does this need to
look this needs
to so it's going to need a pillar coming
out of here
and it's also going to need a phone
[Music]
holder and we want the phone holder to
be like right here
so
um let's think how we could do that
for
no I think I'm going to be really lame
what is the height of
this6 can we just do
this oh what
wait
what is it just
hidden
okay uh but that's not that's not right
okay whatever I don't really
care um
I'm pretty sure this is going to need to
be
higher for
okay let's just do yeah let's just do
yaw
um yeah let's just do yaw
the thing is
how far that's
106 that seems
short this thing this one this circle
down there is 106 away from the
center
total wait but we're moving it no we're
moving it in though
maybe we could maybe we could make the
top plate
bigger no but we can't make the top
plate bigger because the
printer we're limited by our printer
size
now we could move the pillars
inward we don't really have much we
don't really have any room to do
that because of
this cuz the motor
mount so that's a noo
go but we probably
have on that side can we look at the
top
plate look at this
sketch it's um this
one and the this holds the okay so the
distance between here and
here is
83 so we can get like 20 more
actually I think that this might work
out because if we have
200 from those
screws 200
then
um 15
for um
the base then we have five for the
wall then we have what is it 21
oh
17 oh yeah uh wait 22 is that
right maybe that's right maybe that's a
little wrong but okay
um okay so let's do
17 then
here
[Music]
to which wall is
it this
wall is
seven this is
shaft this is seven gear
plus
spacing okay so that gives us and then
on the other
side so how much is
left so 200 - 15 - 5 - 17 -
7 is
156 oh wow wait
156 e
okay
can we
um draw a sketch on
here and
project
this okay now the minimum
distance here to here
wait that's 112 but I think what I'm
trying to say is
this
here is that what I mean I think
so that's 106 but you need clearance so
100 is kind
of the best you're going to do
and then
what is the
height okay I think that this
was
fine
129 no is that fine oh yeah it was like
okay so
129 and then
this
116 so we have plenty of clearance on
that front so that's actually fine
so let me do a should I do a new
drawing
um all right so let's just start
again okay so wait so the first thing we
need to do is is we need to design this
folder so now
okay let me
just e
okay so I'm going to
start top
plate
this
250 now we
have um
I think these are 10 no maybe they're
bigger
now
oh we don't get any of the geometry
That's So
Random wait can I just
um but I need to know how far away this
thing is
okay it's 12
now wait what why can't I [__] change
this and it is um
how far is it
it's got to be this
then no no
that looks like it's just at
100 but where is that geometry
like oh it's cuz I did some weird cut
thing right
I did I don't know what I did but that's
really kind
of I just need to know okay so let's
just do
this and
measure this
okay yeah fine
so um that's going to need to be the
same so we're just going to write that
down right and a these
level yeah okay so that's fine so here
okay so that's sort of our keep
out
thing so we actually have less than a
100 what do we
it's
the it's the
circumscribed D
radius of the hex nut that goes on
there yeah
okay fine so
um so we need to draw a circle that's
and then we can copy this
from the top plate
look at
this I don't know how I determined that
oh
[__] okay uh and this is not
construction and then the the oh yeah
let me check the I forgot that's what I
was looking
at where's the number bro
wait can we
actually oh what we're
good no but the no uh let's
see no no no
no 3.4 that's probably enough
that's probably
enough take one of these things off of
here get my
calipers man it's so true the
integration work is so is always the
it's the hard part man so we need the uh
maximum so this is like 11 so let's do
11.5
uh okay so we do have some clearance
there so that's for the hex
nut okay so this is also
construction so now we need another
Circle here that's
so okay so now we need another Circle
here that's
um 6.2 it's not construction these are
the this is going to be the real
one
this is going to
be vertical with
this and it's going to be
away okay so now we know that this will
not
Collide that's the proof so now we can
mirror
this across
this and then we can mirror both of
these
across this
so
now we have some mounting
holes okay so now we can do an extrusion
right we need to make sure that we have
this which is um
holy
hell where is this
Dimension there you
go is that even right
okay for this bolt that we have we
actually want it to be like seven so I'm
going to change that give me
seven okay what else do we need
um I think we're good we going to
extrude
this by five so this is going to be a
long ass
print but we need this plate to be
stronger cuz it's just not going to cut
it oh yeah wait we forgot something we
need our
little mounting
holes 1.5 and
105 um
okay Finish edit
this select this and deselect
this oh and then those are only going to
be
that should be fine if anything I just
go to Home Depot and get some small
self-tapping
okay so this is the top plate
now maximizing the area that we have so
now we're going to go up to
here new component this is going to be
this is going to be motor
oops
oops motor
fer okay and that's going to be on this
side doesn't really matter could be any
side but
basically and we don't have any of our
parameters so why don't we just copy it
in so let's do
H but it's going to be all
janky
um so you draw a
rectangle let me
um look at how we actually
okay
um let's see how we actually did Pitch
motor
holder it's 57 oh it's 57 because the
wall is
five and that's not even a parameter
what is this this has got to be a
parameter pitch motor holder length
fantastic what is that
even what what the hell is
that okay so the distance from here to
here is
100us
15 yes so it's going to stick out over
the edge
but that's absolutely fine in my
book that's fine who
cares this is uh
50 um oh wait we need
um construction line
another construction
line then we need this thing to be
midpoint
what how do you do
it how did I do it there's a midpoint
constraint on this line oh you know
what do I have to
can you
not wait what if I select this and then
this
okay okay
fine so is that right
no no but this needs to then have the
horizontal okay so there we go now we're
fully constrained and we just have this
and this is 57
oops and then we have the holes that's
great and we just just need to extrude
these by
five then we need to draw in
here and oh actually okay wait we get
more than I
thought because we can
just is that five or seven I think that
might be
seven oh you know what it is seven
because because of the bearing
width is that going to cause any
issues I don't think so so then okay so
if that's the case then we actually
have first off the wall is
seven the uh
okay so now we need to um extrude this
by and then how much did we extrude it
by so we did four holes there oh and we
counter we have to counter
sync so can we can we look at that
actually wait how how tall is this this
is also seven
thick
boy so the first thing we need is um
this needs to be okay can we
just honestly yeah we probably could
have just copied new but the problem is
that then you get all those warnings
I don't know okay it's 12 and then what
is the Extrusion
um wait that's the
sketch I need the Extrusion minus5
okay what is going on
oh wait
oh wait do I'm dumb as
hell okay yeah now you need this here 12
12 k l x
this
whatever near
this cross
this
okay take
these extrude minus 5 okay nice
now it doesn't give you a strong lever
like you really would it would be nice
to put this out a little bit
more let's just keep chugging along
because otherwise we're never going to
finish okay so let's make the wall now
seven here extrude this and we need to
figure out the how tall we made
it 120 I'm down with that I think it
needs to be 120
actually I forget and then we we need to
make the okay so
now I think it's
this and we're just going to do it all
over again because don't like care right
so let's look at this sketch and we
basically just want to copy this sketch
and actually I wonder if I can just
export this as a uh
okay I wonder if I can
just
nice say what
let's just say
okay now it's
completely not
constrained I don't like it I think we
should just do it again
is it
there
okay
okay just look at the sketch
and then where's the oh we see that's
the problem is with a projection it
doesn't show up as a sketch so you can't
actually see the
dimensions
wait oh yeah because what we do is we
projected the
holes no that's no good I don't like
that at
all well maybe I could just add the
motor back in okay yeah so this is 23
right I don't even understand what that
is and I can't can't I get the F of
there's a button for f ofx
whatever
10116 this is really bad
six
yeah okay but I can do a bunch of
measurements I guess so if we
finish dude I want to turn off
everything but the plate it's so
annoying there's no solo button we've
got to write that
script it's getting crazy
let's just turn off the
motor okay oh yeah we need
that what is this this is
5.24
for for
say
what why don't I get
this fine I'll do it from this
side dude I need a thing that turns off
everything
should I just spend the time to do
that because you can't do this you can't
go like this and that it just doesn't
work
so okay
why is it doing a Min distance thing it
shouldn't do a Min distance thing it
should wait let me just do
this for
what is happening
hello
15.5 and the distance from here to here
is
okay yeah well that checks out
okay great so we just rebuilt the part
but a little bit better and a little bit
worse
bro what
the
okay so we need
to okay so we need to
take this
this this
this extrude this distance to
object
side now we need to go back and edit
this sketch take this extrude this and
then we need to find
right I actually remember that that's
right can I just use the same part I
think I can
wait actually
wait now we have 170 that's actually
great great that's pretty great right
because
um because this
is
156 so what was it
170 it's 14 so we have 14 to put the
gear
in N that's not great
[Music]
we need 17 to put the gear in right
actually no we
need
okay I think I think we can do this I
think we can do this so
first off let's do
a let's just do an
insert component
which is grounded top plate is grounded
we need to
ground this because this should just
move around so um
could have done as built joint but
whatever now that that's
done where the hell is the stepper
and that needs to
go
there okay then we just need to move
this out
by
uh 21
right that's actually
correct cuz it's 24 tall
right no that's
22 oh but then to
here it's 24 all right nice checks
out hell yeah
okay so then let's insert
Drive
okay um what do we need we need
dude you got to be careful you can lose
it
all and what am I trying to insert I'm
trying to insert the
wait
I think it's time to build the
Yol so now
now we have so this is our effective
distance this is basically what we get
we get
153 and we have five of
clearance
well sort of I think we can find the
budget for
that I think we can do it
okay so what does this need to look
like we need to have the gear here and
then a
big the gear and it's hooked up to a
little
oh yeah the gear
and then a u
bracket see how long are we 3 hours I
wasted so much time today on just total
nonsense though it's not
like making much progress
okay so wait why don't we just edit
this yeah we can just edit this
so okay so we need this to be
153 well we need to be maybe just a
little bit under so yes let's make this
7.5 let's see how much does that break
so now the distance between here and
here is 151 oh that's like lowkey kind
of
perfect then this Extrusion we only need
to make it
like uh how much do we need to make it
I I don't even
know let's make it well okay let's make
it let's keep it how it
is then let's
uh do I have a mid plane I don't think I
have a mid
plane okay I'm going to
so oh but then these extend out
further is that going to be an issue
well we'll see when we do the joints but
I'm pretty sure that might be an
issue well if this is wide enough it'll
clear it so we we'll need to see but
let's
do this so we need to put
and there's a little bit of wobble so we
do probably want a millimeter there of
just
something okay so like a
millimeter than the
gear than the pillar
okay so let's
draw let's just draw on
here make a
circle and this needs to
be wait and I actually want to do this
parametrically
so
um it's eight right almost positive it's
eight
okay wait but we want this to be
7.8 right can we uh wait I'm dumb as
hell uh so wait let's go
back this we need to activate the Yoke
again and then we want to see what this
circle is 7.8 okay cool so this is going
to
be
[Music]
where oh yeah no we are editing this
okay what the hell
they did not need to put this
exclamation point here who why are you
shouting at
me why are you shouting at me
bro um
oh sh I was thinking
30 but then we want another
one let's make that
30 this is not so we're going to extrude
both of these by
one can we afford two
you might need to do some re budgeting
okay I'm fine with that we're going to
we're going to see how it goes so now
wait now we want to go back to this
thing we're going to extrude
this can we do that or is that not going
to
work do we get our Center we don't get
the center oh we do get the center this
is gonna be bearing ID minus
point2 then okay it's constrained then
we want to extrude this
by
25 how much do we do before I don't know
anyways now we want to
do this and we need holes and okay can
we actually reference that geometry
so in the Yoke let's open up the
Yol okay
great I don't know what any of that
is this is projected from over there
wait no where is this coming from
oh
no that sucks man can we just
measure do we have this Center Point can
we hide the
joints okay
7.5 okay wait so um
oops do we have a we have a center point
so we need a line
this is 1.5 right is that it that's
really
small oh wait wait wait oh no that's
okay we can do it now doesn't
matter so first off
okay I'm pretty sure that we're
good we just need to take
this extrude it do
way and that'll be great I think that'll
be great so now we just need to put our
gear and we're just going to do an
insert drive on the gear from the Yol
cuz this is the exact same gear
okay now we just need to
uh and then we want to just
mirror I don't think I can just mirror
that so why don't we
do oh move this out oh no we we want it
in the
holder do we want it in the hold no we
don't how come I can't move this out
here okay so let's undo
this okay
get the
joint that
okay one mil is pretty
tight oh and there we go and that's it
okay so we need
to that changes a lot damn it's like a
satisfiability problem because that
changes a
lot because if we change the flywheel
diameter
then right let's see what happens if we
just do that so we
so basically we need to know how much
over
so if we look at the holder and we look
at this initial sketch I think we did a
75 right so the distance okay wait
that's not going to
work so the radius here is
75 um so wait so but what we need is we
need to change this to be yeah so we
need to change fly d to be the distance
from here to
here so we need to make
it wa what is what is
that that's the
clearance so we need to make
it the that same
thing even then we probably want it to
be a little bit less than
that okay so we need to go contrl P
flywheel
diam is going to be this minus two or
something and then when we change that
literally Everything Changes
let's hide the spur gear and let's see
what's the or we can just click on this
106 oh but we can't we can't make it
that
small
wait wait that the radius
okay so now we have like two Mills
there the distance here is actually 139
so now
we're okay so but
that we can just
we can just set a
parameter for this
7.5 such
that the holder
width needs to
be how much does it need to be now or do
we we we kind of have some flexibility
in
that okay wait so let me just mirror the
two
features and then insert
it wait can we uh so it's going to be
this feature no wait we don't need that
feature
we need this
oh we
need this feature and this
feature
okay so let's do a save
um okay so now I want to actually insert
this
component so wait so what's new I don't
know what's
new we are going to insert a component
don't I have control I don't know
uh wait
what wait why is it like horribly out of
date oh
wait
what excuse me
sir sir go home you're
drunk what the hell is going
on I don't understand why it's not uh
giving me the part
oh man
um oh
nice that's
great I kind of always put toes
okay um
I got a PE I don't get it dude what is
going on should I just restart
it insert component oh wait insert
component ball
shooter and it's the wrong thing what is
going on
dude all right I'm just going to restart
Fusion because that makes no sense to me
at all
okay dude I'm gonna lose my [__] if this
doesn't work oh you can't open multiple
at the same time classic Fusion being
totally
ridiculous hey insert no wait that's not
what I want insert
component please please please please
please what is
happening I don't even
understand what if I just copy
this okay if I save a copy
oh wait what is
this
oh oh we need to undo a bunch of
[__] can we just Del wait what's wrong
with this
let me just do
this okay
there we
go but you know what I think it was just
some weird bug I think if I do
this
oh that is so [__]
stupid that is actually
ridiculous okay sorry I don't mean to be
negative guys but like
what the heck was was
that okay so now we need to
join oh wait and where's the
gear
okay so we want
the
that to
go to there
and then we just need to move it up
by I
think
no oh wait no no 65 +
15 and then we need to move it
over by - 5
see that's really
close but that'll
do that'll
do damn we have a lot of printing
because we need to
reprint we need to reprint like all of
this damn I'm going to be printing for
like six
hours I should probably order more
filament I'm actually like running low
on f it kind of I have abs but
like you know I don't
know
for e
I'm trying to think about what I should
print first
because
for e
I clearly can move them
in and we need to make sure that the
men why does that
look no it's just an
illusion wait
so that's wrong
this formula needs to be fixed
so how am I supposed to do
it the most important thing is that
the most important thing is that the
distance no you can't
most important thing is
that okay let's just delete that for
right
now and then we're going
to now we're going to constrain oh
this needs to
be okay
wait so can we go back to the sketch
this I want to name is
something so what can you get a formula
for this that's the interesting
part okay so it's going to be oh yeah
okay so it's going to
be this Dimension which is holder
width okay so it's going to be
holder width minus
wait wait wait
wait yeah - 2
*
clearance which is right now it's 7.5
and it's not parameterized it's just a
implicit
thing
minus
um we would say Channel
width says make that a
parameter
okay holder width minus 2
* over 2 I think that's it so the
flywheel diameter I think we want to be
fer width minus 2 *
clearance which is
7.5 Min Channel width and this is all
over
two
oh right
yeah I sort of worried about that cylic
um so what do you do
then no I think the holder width should
be set and the flywheel diameter should
be parameterized based on the holder
width so
that we want the holder width to
basically be
this to
this no
no this to
this which is
minus 3 let's make it 150 let just set
it to 150
so this is going to be
150 now fly wheel diam is going to be
holder width oh
wait holder width minus 2 * uh
7.5 minus Channel width
over
two oh but
now
okay so we have something to work out
here because this is not right
the fly so the okay so we need to make
the
clearance we need to make the clearance
workout because
so we have
150th wait why do we even care about the
clearance why isn't it just holder width
minus Channel
width
wait oh no no holder width over
two no holder width minus Channel with
over
two H this thing is so bad
bro someone really needs to make
um someone really needs to design a
computer a uh CAD that's built on
Mathematica that would be the coolest
thing in the world I was talking to my
cousin about
this imagine okay wait let's do a little
demo okay so I'm going to
create a
uh Circle that's
10 okay then I'm going to extrude this
by
20 then I'm going to fill it both of
these by
10 what oh wait wait I got this
wrong I I got this wrong I want to
do
20 then I want to fill it both of these
by 10 so this is a perfect sphere but
internally represented it's all three of
these things but if you had a rewriting
system if you had a term rewriting
system based on CAD actions you could
see that you actually have two different
ways to interpret this and there is a
simpler representation and that's a
sphere this is a sphere but to Fusion
this is a cylinder that's been fill it
in so
anyways ter writing and computerated
design would be so freaking cool and I
don't think anyone's really explored
it and basically you would you would
realize well whatever you get the
idea
okay so how do we make it so that the
we need to
make okay let's
um delete
this I mean this circle does need to be
it's over
constrained that's because this distance
what what determines that distance
okay what are we trying to do we're
trying
to we need to find
oh
[Music]
um we need to make a motor disc motor
motor Center disc from
Edge okay so
this is the parameter
to work on
so we're going to delete
this so right we're going to delete
this
then I think that's it
so
now we want to name this as a
parameter I think there's a name for
this right d161
can I click on this no
all right I think we did
it um
please please work I'm going to be so
mad if this is still
outdated why the [__] is that
outdated I don't
know we're just going to have to do um
I just don't get
it I run into some weird bug
Okay
so for
that seems pretty good to me except you
know what I'm going to do no wait I
don't know if I can do
that I don't know why it's loading wrong
that it's bothering me so
much for
oh wait but is this the right way to do
that no no no no
H I forgot how to do all
that for
oh don't I just have to switch what's
grounded
what the why can't I click
it why can't I move this one
[Music]
I should just get this printing
okay
so the flywheel is different the holder
is different these brackets are
new I can reuse the
gears and the bottom plate is new
so fck it though let's send
it let [__] send it man
and the holder
um
so we need one of these we need two of
these and we need two of
these I don't think so man
and then I feel like
W that is
close but if it thinks it can do
it oh I need to do ports oh no
bro that's so annoying
actually six hours of printing I was
right I hate this I wish I could do by
Body I wish there was just a simple way
I'm going to go in the
bamboo Studio GitHub and I just asked
the question
I know that there's a like
a
for
e e
you got to select every little
thing
ah let's just do it for right
now okay I think that's everything
right
ah okay
but now you got to do it on every
freaking face it's so
stupid e
that's
terrible okay so let's just print out
the walls
I really hope someone tells me that
there's a better way to do this because
I hate doing this
so this is the only one I want supports
on so then this
body let make get 20
no wait what if I delete this and then I
do
this that's nice
okay that looks pretty
good oh this is going to be a pain in
the ass though
I'll just screw into it should be
fine
okay 4our print you got to be joking
bro e
what else can I do
and then even after
that I got to print the uh
okay fine so what should we get up to
now um
let's write that script I
guess that disables the visibility of
all the
components e
I guess what we could just make all of
the
folders okay
why is that
new yeah I think I'm good I think it's
in there right
okay okay
so it's just going to be um
h
e
e e
wait can we
um what is An Occurrence can we go to
maybe it's in
core what is an
occurrence e
what white space wait
what I don't even understand what's
going on
let's just run it
oh there's An Occurrence list and
occurrences
that's
nice oh and there's a current Vector
dude what the
hell oh okay okay so is light bulb so
can we just do that
no wait
let's try
it that's nice okay so we just do
occurrences all the occurrences of uh
okay
cool and then all this stuff is um yeah
so that's nice Okay cool so this is
useful so wait can we just
delete I'm going to delete this
I'm going to delete
this delete
this this
this that one's fine that one's
fine select
enti what's it called is light
on is light bul bomb
on
oops okay
that's so
sick we're going to hope and
pray otherwise I'm going to put a little
Post-It note in there
I'm I make such bad [__] I'm such a such
a bad engineer
bro okay nice so solo should work
now wait what
oh my God I just St I'm a freaking I'm
goated bro that's so
useful yo that's so freaking useful man
let's delete these two these are these
are not um useful
Okay add some
actually goated scripts like
solo dude that is so sick
man that is so freaking
cool oh
yeah like an Ableton you solo a freaking
track and then you just turn them on
okay what can I do
now see what's on the to-do list
I don't know why there's a green
thing what what
bot how do you say um
get the
flywheel
yeah the design is done but we have to
wait six hours man
dude I really want to do this but I have
no idea how to do
that you need like a lead screw
but I mean you could do one lead screw
but it would be so sweet if you had one
lead screw that controlled both of them
so that it remains centered in the
um but realistically the easiest thing
is you just have one you need a way to
lock it in I mean the lead screw will
lock it in but you really you need to
lock it
in
um should I just write an Android app
then I hate doing Android Dev but it
would be cool to fix f it
up all right I'm going to get some food
and then I'll think on
it it's such a pain in the butt
e for
uh yeah
oh yeah the pose the pose is like goes
out really
far
okay
sick okay
cool let's uh let's let's and the
latency is fantastic
man okay I'm going to get some food and
then we're going to just do some Android
Dev until my print is
done so let's just say what we're at
here is uh designed waiting on
print now here is where we are fixing up
Android app
or
yeah making a new Android app that's
just posed
detection and API
calls
cial
okay that sounds pretty good to
me oh I guess you know we could do is we
could start to
design the theater the uh Nerf theater
cuz
we
Hopper we look at um Danny
looms track and shooting them on site
killid is valer genius German engineer
in the yellow puffer she uses uses her
Sentry to play lock down defense dude he
so sick man I made a fully functional
prototype of her turret since you guys
blew up my last project
boom I'm new to the Blaster community
and he recommended checking out Nerf
rival out of Dart sells a proton pack
which feeds into a Jupiter Blaster which
looks perfect for a KJ turret the way it
works is that a feeding motor pushes
rounds one at a time through the chamber
where they meet the fly wheels that spin
super fast and Propel the round forward
it also uses a vacuum hose to transport
rounds Jam free to the Blaster I
purchased my own proton pack in Jupiter
and I am so impressed with the quality
the people at out of darts are freaking
awesome the motor spin at 35,000 RPM or
almost 600 times a second wow the
Jupiter is normally actuated by a
trigger in the handle but I replace that
with the relay to control how often to
shoot with software Let's test it
out now let's work on the loading
mechanism I wired up this brushless
motor and wrote some code to control its
speed basically it spins super fast and
has an impeller fan on the end this
creates a suction force that feeds the
rounds through a vacuum tube now let's
take the thing that shoots and put it
inside turret these are printed parts
that I don't have the files for so I
thought I might invest in a 3D scanner
except they're really expensive so
basically I decided to do it my own
ratty way and scan the parts on a 2d
scanner it gave me highquality
resolution pictures of the profiles that
I could then bring into CAD to trace and
nail down the position of the mounting
holes then I started modeling the turret
head the overall turret height will be a
little over 2 ft which feels pretty
accurate to the game also the turret
head just fits on my print bed let's go
I hooked up the proton pack and I've
seen this video so many times this guy
is so sick dude I want to see the hopper
stuff though let me tell you
me so yeah I don't understand this is
clearly the motor that feeds
into there it's a punch
for the Mark 1 we've used this green
area and for the mark 2 we're going to
use this red area to create a recoil
mechanism I ordered a linear actuator
that wasn't as Snappy as I would have
liked so I tried a solenoid instead and
it seemed promising the turret head will
be attached to this linear bearing to
allow for smooth railing I printed out
Timmy Mark I and it works kind of it
seems promising in a quick test but when
slanted downwards the solenoid spring is
not strong enough to return the turret
head Against Gravity I'm thinking I'll
add a stronger spring or add two
solenoids opposite one another so it
could deoy and retract John from
Instagram recommended having an outer
shell that slides along an inner shell
instead of sliding the entire system to
save weight honestly the solenoids kind
of suck for this because they just don't
perform well under any form of weight
this is a slip gear mechanism the pinion
gear meshes with the rack and it's
driven forward as it rotates this is
such a good video man and the back a
rubber band so inspiring he's probably
younger than me to that's crazy the rack
slings back and resets its position this
is perfect for recoil I printed out the
new parts and assembled the mechanism I
played with different variations of gear
teeth until I reach the desired recoil
before you guys say anything yes The
Recoil is going forward usually it goes
backwards the turn in game actually
recoils forwards and I was just matching
once I got the slip working it was all
about nailing the timing and matching
the
game next let's work on Timmy's ability
to look around I ho in the and created
AR that hold the tur dude I
mean like be
andar basically all that means is that
the turet head will move twice as fast
as the motor driver gear I did this so
that it can quickly snap the targets
however this cuts the strength of the
motors in half let's see if it works and
it doesn't instead of a two to1 gear
ratio for increased speed I tried a 1
to2 gear ratio for increased torque the
t is cancel levered which means it's
only supported at one end I decided to
slide over the arms as much as possible
without looking too strange in the model
I also upgraded the servos to these big
boy Motors and installed a counterweight
and the turet is much more stable I then
assembled the parts with the left right
this one is way less complicated because
it has a shorter
lever now we're cing now let's work on
the track this is a husky L it's an AI
he a
Servo these big boyot possible without
looking too strange in the model I also
upgraded the servos are these big boy
Motors and installed a counterweight and
the turret is much more stable now I
then assembled the parts for the left
right swiv this one is way less
complicated because it has a shorter
lever
arm now we're
cooking now let's work on the track this
is a husky lens it's an AI Vision sensor
that uses machine learning to recognize
its environment my initial plan was to
use facial recognition to track enemies
but what if the enemies turned around or
really far away it also has object
recognition which includes people for
some reason this mode doesn't only
include people it also detects dogs
sorry lucky the if they weing yellow's
the don't shoot they're friendly if they
aren't light them up to me started
teaching the sensor with the yellow
doesn't look like much but there's
actually a lot of software going on
that's so this is the part that I need
to design and he uses a vacuum how does
that
work how does that work
600 times a second wow the Jupiter is
normally actuated by a trigger in the
handle but I replac that with the reload
the plan was to put the gearbox inside
the main compartment of the turret there
also needs to be a large Hopper to put
ammo in this cylinder now the question
is how do we transfer rounds from the
back in the storage container to the
front to be shot I found this motorized
magazine and I thought I could recreate
my own that loads Orbeez through a
also the Orbeez Jam super easily and
chicken skunk from
my G gave me some amazing advice I'm new
to the Blaster community and he
recommended checking out Nerf rival out
of Dart sells a proton pack which feeds
into a Jupiter Blaster which looks
perfect for a KJ turret the way it works
is that a feeding motor pushes rounds
one at a time through the chamber where
they meet the fly wheels that spin super
fast and Propel the round forward it
also uses a vacuum hose to transport
round I don't get how it's like oriented
in
space presumably we need
some something coming out from down here
wait hold
on let's
see this is the back wait is it the
yeah and then a a part comes out from
here and it's just a thing with teeth
that spins super fast and Propel the
round forward it also uses a vacuum but
how does it get to that jam free to the
Blaster I purchased my own proton pack
in Jupiter and I am so impressed with
the quality the people at out of darts
are freaking awesome the motor spin at
35,000 RPM or almost 600 times a second
wow is normally actuated by a trigger in
the handle but I replace that with the
relay to control how often to shoot with
software let's test it
out okay wait this is kind of the cre
oh wait I actually want to download the
uh oh dude I didn't see this
video bro Danny L is the [__] man
dude oh my God
[Music]
dude his are going really
fast his are going really
fast okay yeah so I want
uh wait is this
the okay yeah I think I already
downloaded this but I want to download
it again because I don't know where the
hell I put
it download model I think this is
probably just the zip right
wait do I already have an account
is this cheating
there we go build manual
this thing is
dead oh no it's not they just hide it
that's
crazy
sweet oh cool
the [__] is going on
here dude he is so
good wow look at that PIN
oops
of 3D printed stuff here if you just
kind of grind it around a few times or
during actual use it'll clean up but you
can kind of distribute that lubricant a
little bit around and if you find you're
having any issues just force the um the
uh pieces apart and uh so we're going to
put the lubricant in there we're going
to set one of these in here so that it's
in properly
and then we're going to close that
together that should be
relatively
obvious I
think with the rigidity of this hose uh
the swivel connections were absolutely
essential you'll feel it as you're
putting it together and this is why we
didn't do the hose before soldering
because normally I would do the physical
assembly first but it just gets in the
way for
did he give the cad
files just the stls but no
CAD it's kind of annoying
I just want to know how do the balls get
to
e
for
e e
oh why did I put at the bottom man
here's one let's just use this one all
right I'm
gonna I'm going to soak um one of these
in
water and it's a weekend I feel like
what I can do is I can um get out the
canvas and we can try to shoot one of
these at the canvas and just see I'll
get the paint we'll start mixing paint
stuff like
that it be good to do some test
yes
okay
e
for
e e
okay I'm back my
bad had to make some
food all
right so some stuff came in the m
the fuses which I don't really care
about now that I know that the current
draw of my Motors is like 1 amp at
Max but I got 20 of these holif effect
sensors and I have these little neodium
magnets on my
fridge and we're going to try to so let
me add to the
um let me add to
this encoder with Hall sensor
uh what else did I want to do oh yeah
micro
stepping there's lots of stuff to
do
for for
wait
4.5
uhoh so [__] up
we'll try it with
3.3 how does it work
hello danki here from how mechatronics
decom in this video we will learn what
is h effect and how H effect sensors
work the whole effect is the most common
method of making measuring magnetic
field and the whole effect sensors are
very popular and have many contemporary
applications for example they can be
found in vehicles as wheel speed sensors
as well as crankshaft or camshaft
position sensors also they are often
used as switches Mims compasses
proximity sensors and so on now we will
go to some of these sensors and see how
they B but first let's explain what is
the whole effect here's the experiment
that explains the whole effect if we
have a thin conductive plate as
Illustrated and we Set current to flow
through it the charge carriers would
flow in a straight line from one to the
other side of the plate now if we bring
some magnetic field near the plate we
would disturb the straight flow of the
charge carriers due to a force called
Laurence force in such a case the
electrons will deflect to one side of
the plate and a positive pulse to the
other side of the plate this means if we
put a meter now between these two sides
we'll get some voltage which can be
measured so the effect of getting a
measurable voltage as we explained above
is called the hall effect after edwiin
Hall who discovered it in
1879 the basic whole element of the
whole effect magnetic sensors mostly
provides very small voltage of only few
micr volts per Gus so therefore these
devices are usually manufactured with
built-in High G amplifiers yep there are
two types of sensors one providing
analog and the other digital output the
analog sensor is composed of a voltage
regulator a hole element and an
amplifier from the circuit schematic we
can see that the output of the sensor is
analog and feel like analog is actually
nicer but we'll see if my digital one
work this type of sensors are suitable
and used for measuring proximity because
of their continuous linear output on the
other hand the digital output sensor
provides just two output States either
on or off this type of sensors have an
additional element as Illustrated in the
circuit schematic that's the Schmid
trigger which provides hysteresis or two
different threshold levels so the output
is either high or low for more details
how the shid trigger works you can check
my particular tutorial for that an
example of this type of sensor is the H
effect switch they are often used as
limit switches for example in 3D that's
cool I didn't know that Aid trigger was
in and positioning in industrial
automation systems another contemporary
applications of the whole effect sensors
are measuring wheel speed or RPM as well
as determine position of crankshaft or
camshaft in Engine Systems these sensors
are composed of a hole element and a
permanent magnet which are placed near a
this attach on the rotating shaft the G
what did that
A3 okay I had a label
label between the sensor and the ti of
the disc is very small so each time a to
pass near the sensor it changes the
surrounding magnetic field which will
cause the output of the sensor to go
either high or low so the output of the
sensor is a square wave signal which can
be easily used for calculating the RPM
of the rotating shaft thanks for
watching and for more tutorials visit my
official website how mechatronics oh no
please
no wait I think I might be out of
filament
bro I spend so much on
filament oh my
God
e
e e
well guess I got to buy more [__]
dude the costs of this project are
getting pretty
high
e e
wait oops not what I
wanted okay cool I got the discount
I'm going get some petg
translucent
translucent teal
damn filament's actually crazy
expensive I'm getting one roll of
TPU four rolls of PLA and one roll of
pet G
that's brutal
Man actually I don't want teal I want
blue okay
do they have um they have black or is it
out of
stock oh wait but I need a red uh pla I
need one more pla
white blue gray
orange
red
okay for
no dude
what dude I'm actually so
[__] is that the only shipping method
I get three to four business days
that's such an L bro I should have been
paying
attention hopefully this a this ABS will
last me but I don't know if ABS is any
good
okay I hate reddit reddit is literally
cancer
oh ABS is better for outdoor prints
that's
nice the hell is pla Plus
ABS is a pain to print
I hope
not is it
printing oh wait it doesn't know what
this
is
setting oh [__]
Why didn't it detect
it oh my God look at what H look at
what's
happening now I got to go check on this
no
man maybe it's all right
well it's what I got I got to make this
thing work for four days well until next
Thursday
basically this is exactly the last thing
I
needed I don't know why it didn't I
didn't clue in that once you start to
use the last roll you got to buy more
you got to buy more before the last
roll
damn for
okay holy cow bro
yeah the fact that the TPU doesn't work
with the AMS kind of sucks because you
kind of want multimaterial prints for a
lot of the cases where you're going to
be using
TPU I am curious to try out TPU though
okay
e
e e
all right so I sat there and watched it
for a little bit uh nothing too
catastrophic is happening you see some
kind of layer line but I mean it's a
different material so I kind of expect
it uh all in all I think this was not
the worst thing that could have
happened so uh we're just going to move
ahead keep printing I have 1 kilogram
left uh that should maybe last
me enough time
uh so let's just try to get this hall
effect sensor
working where did I put
him did I put him in my
pocket no they're right here okay
okay
um I see the data sheet says
it's it takes 4.5 volts and up but the
ESP 32 uses the ESP 32 logic
voltage
yeah oh I tested that yesterday
yeah we're going to try it otherwise I
go get an Arduino
that
sucks is there a five volt pin on
the okay wait can I go to the Amazon
page
wait does doesn't have a pin out picture
you got to be joking
bro
okay all right so let's just do this
thing
dude every time why does
this why bro
why L literally why
bro literally why
it's not that big of a
deal I would put the overhand head cam
on but what I'm doing is not that
interesting not yet for
okay so we got our magnets we got the
thing hooked
up
um
e
e e
okay well that's not working
okay let's get a another breadboard and
an
[Music]
Arduino ay
bro
okay
e
e e
okay breadboard
okay
[Music]
uh okay so when it's facing you this one
is five
volts
okay this one is yeah
this one is
ground and then this is the digital
pin so
uh oh right we can just use so this
one
okay so on pin seven now we just need a
red wire
five volts and a black wire for ground
okay so happy to be opening up the
Arduino
IDE I mean at least it's based on Monaco
and it's not
freaking okay fine so
uh write the same code for Arduino
except
the pin is seven
okay I don't even
know e
okay
dude this thing sucks what the
hell dude why doesn't it scroll with me
that's so [__]
annoying okay
this is not
good I think it's the other way
around see can I go to the data sheet
that's fantastic oh there's the Schmid
trigger oh except for their points okay
I just want to
know goes High
what I'm pretty sure it's the other way
around
yeah it's the other way
around but that actually kind of sucks
right
because well it's good that it
works dude this thing is so annoying why
doesn't it have a scroll with it thing
okay well it
works I wonder how fast I can
sample 50 m that's 200 times a
second yeah
we can't do
that okay so we tested the hall but now
we sort of need to build the encoder but
I'm kind
of don't really want to do
that I think I want to build the Android
app
maybe I should design
maybe I should add some yeah like a
channel okay so we're going to just
disconnect this Arduino the Hall of
effect sensors sort of work but it sucks
that
they're e
they only they basically only sell these
let me look up three
volt
e
e e
um
that's so annoying bro
analog
damn yes it's an analog
one e
okay that seems
good no what dude this is not this says
it's operating voltage is
4.5 that insane
that's so weird that none of these
okay
where I put those
magnets okay I think uh I just got to
switch gears this this is total
bogus I do want to build the encoder but
it's like at what cost
oh here's the magnets I'm going to put
these magnets in the hall effect
thing I mean they work but
like not at
it's just not worth
um okay
do you want to save do you want to
save Android Studio is so bogus
bro I mean uh
Arduino
okay I kind of want to go check on it
again
yeah like look at that oh my
God I got to go look at that damn
it
e
e e
okay it actually it looks worse on
camera when I went in there it's it's
not so
bad I mean the surface finish is kind of
rough but as long as the dimensions are
right I don't really care um so yeah all
right let's get
into this
thing hopefully this is just
no I think I wanted to start designing
the hopper so we're going to start
modifying this
than
you
for e
okay let's just start doing this
so
um okay so first off we're going to
activate this and we're just going to oh
wait wait we're going to activ what's
going
on uh [__]
okay that's the back
one so we want some circles
here let's make them far
apart not that far or let's
Okay um
uh I'm glad I printed this second so
that I can start to think about
this why is you know it's Android
Studio
no okay there we
go okay so now let's activate this
I always get that wrong okay so we want
a rectangle
here we need a
line
um can I let's let me try this
again okay that that does
work oh see but it oh I see so if I were
to move oh but that's that's got a
tangency okay that's random as home oh
wait you know what so you you do
this then you say this and this are
midpoint then you put a distance on here
okay yeah 50 sounds
good let's make it
[Music]
um this is
yeah how do I want this to look let me
like just sketch it out on
paper so from the top have these two
circles
this is
17 e
it would be cool if it slid
on holy crap this is hard for me to
think
about
e e
okay let's just make it like a lot of
material before we um
is this fully
constrained so let just extrude this up
to
here wait we can't do
that well um
no
oh my
god dude what is going on here
what they're the same
height and then on here there's a
I project this
wait why does this feel off center it is
off
center yeah that's right because this
thing is not
centered so can I see
that for
okay so wait if we were to act instead
do what
no bro that's not what I
want why don't I why do I never
understand how midpoint
works this thing can move side to side
just add a CO instant that's
better oh but that's so
random but we don't have 8 mm to spare
here
well
actually what if this went Inward and
you put them on under and they were
counter board
so but I already printed this
part because it is kind of bad design
that the axis of rotation is not
h
oh it should activate it too
wait why am I
not wait
what wait what the [__] is going
on hold
on I'm restarting
hitting so many random
bugs e
okay so what I am I'm saying we activate
this do we have clearance to move
inward this thing is so busted it's hard
to tell
okay
10 e
so okay so we have the clearance to
move basically as far inward as we
need okay so the idea is
yeah
fine oh we need a
no um no okay fine that's just just
um okay they're 15
from that outer wall
though so that means they're eight from
here
oh and now we need to add that to
uh the top plate as
well wait wait wait wait wait why are we
doing this we're doing this
because we need to move the whole
assembly
and is it truly
eight that kind of
where was The Joint this is the joint
that was the
joint's that
joint is that joint okay
so we delete
these oh wait
so okay
so these
holes they could maybe still be mirrored
but what we need is to figure
out okay so if
those if you move the 8 mm
there there then it's going to be in the
same place at 100
mm but it's going to be in the smack dab
Center of this mirror
plane I'm pretty I'm almost
positive no is that right
no the center point here is 15 from this
line
so then it'll be seven from this line so
it'll be exactly on this
wall so we're proposing then move it 8 +
8 16 more
so let's leave them
in I want to do
this wait we don't get parameters in
here they're all in the
that's insane
dude 84
that's
16 I don't think that's
right because it's
it's
um it's
um 15 then 8 this is 23
okay now let's go back to this
okay so I'm going
to go back to this sketch I'm going to
turn this off and I'm going to project
these
two and I just want to make
sure but that's only because this
wait so we can just delete this
okay but this one we can delete this and
we can draw this here and this is 12
right and this can be
mirrored over that now the first thing
we do is we take this
okay and then we did five right so the
distance between here and here is five
so we go back to this sketch we take
these two
faces
great so now I want to do a
mirror features
this this
this that
cross
there no see
that's not right it's not
right because that mirror plane no wait
so let's undo that we want it to be on
that
wait but oh wait wait can
we turn this on wait no
no
uh oh we could just do a new body and
join it
maybe wait what if I no what if I
activate this mirror
features I think that this is not going
to work I think I I think I need to go
back in the timeline and fix
things this is a body right
I want this body to be in
there and then I just want to combine
these
two
okay but the reality
is um
that even though we've done that we
didn't do what we need to do which
is we need to move this whole assembly
over and is it exactly 8 Ms that is my
question this is the midplane of this
and this we need to make it so that that
is directly overhead this this
point oh wait but that's like floating
in space I don't know what the hell that
is
I Define that to be eight
but it okay
wait I guess the question
is okay I'm pretty sure that it is eight
but why is it
eight oh bro I had it actually I'm kind
of
dumb I had it right when I was doing
this
this - 23 +
8 okay and then this you don't mirror
it I don't mirror
this and then these need to move
move over eight
so there's probably a way to keep it all
symmetrical so why is it asymmetrical I
guess that's the question
okay so that projection propagated
through which is great I I'm happy about
that maybe I should just start
over Okay it's because of the
gears and we can't move this out anymore
so we want to move it in
I think I should just I think I should
just move it over
so uh so let's go back in here we're
going to delete
these we're going to delete we're going
to keep those for no reason at
all those holes should not be there so
we're going to make them construction
geometry which is going to mess
with so those are in the right
spot wait is that
85 23 comes from
what oh my go this is tripping me out
dude okay wait wait wait let
me yeah that's
fine okay okay
one
can't just
move the
motor
hold
holes
um on
the right
side we want to move them out by
eight yeah out by 8
mm
because it
collides with the
pillar right
now
so we
are
adding New
Hole
hes that
okay so I'm just going to do it all over
again to hell with
it
okay
250 great now this is
seven now
um we we are going to be referencing
this a good amount okay let's add these
two things just because it's we're going
to need to
is that is that
right
okay okay so
now we need a
so it's only these holes that are going
to be
asymmetrical and it's going to be
that we want to move
this these holes out by
eight out there by eight cuz if we did
that then we could sh then that would
allow us to shift the whole thing over
by by
8 but then we collide with the pillars
so we are going
to we are going to add a little bit of
material flipped on the other side of
the
wall for
bolts for bolts to fasten
it now the disc since
[Music]
there does not matter
right we're not putting holes there
wait but oh but this isn't ready
yet yeah okay so we need to redesign
this thing because that's just not going
to
work because at this point yeah so I
[__] this whole thing up so we are
going
to we're going to do it
again I think that this sketch is good
though I think we're able I think we're
allowed to uh to do this so this is
going to be
85 okay it's going to be
85 but then on this
side it's not going to be 85 right is it
going to be
okay wait hold
on let's just
consider let let's just consider the
distance between this
wall and this wall which is going to
remain fixed that's 184 so from wall to
wall
this is 184
mm
so this circle from to there is going to
be 8 + 7 15 so that wall is exactly 100
no that's not
right wait how am I getting that
math oh from 85 is that
85 this is 85 and this is 15 so this is
100 but this wall so this is
not 8 away or how am I how am I messing
that
up oh no no no because I moved it 8 so
it was 23 and now it's
15 okay so then from this Center Point
to here is 85 now to the other side of
the wall of this circle this is actually
sitting right
here is seven right
now okay
okay so we are going to do this
C uh 6.2
okay so we're GNA we're just going to
we're just going to do that we don't
need all the other crap because this is
just a test that I know what I'm talking
about so now we're going to extrude this
by uh
five okay now we want oh [__]
bro why do I do this to myself
man okay wait we're going to rename this
thing you can't rename a top thing great
okay all right doesn't matter doesn't
matter I don't care bro I do not
care Oh
wait we're getting [__] good at this
and I don't
care
um okay
no it's not what I
said
uh e
okay so we did
it okay
now
um new component this is going to be um
motor holder okay so now we want to make
a here
okay so how did this work
again can I see what I did
initially right
okay so we're actually G to
do is just make that
15 longer okay so we are going to make a
rectangle
here this is in the midpoint of this I
feel like oh but this is a
line yeah
um so this point and this point are
coincident okay now this is 50 I'm
almost positive now the distance between
here here and here is going to be
70 and the this length is going to be 57
+ 15 okay so the these holes are good
and then there's going to be a wall here
so then we can just take this and we can
extrude that I'm pretty sure that's all
we have to
do I'm pretty sure I just extrude
it okay so we're going to take this and
we're going to extrude it 7
millimet okay
now we going to draw on here
we're going to make a
rectangle and the distance from here to
the center point is going to
be is eight
right no it can't be eight because the
can it be eight
how do I even
know dude stop reminding me about
this that's 12 and the distance from
this point to this point is seven so
this is 1 mm I'm almost positive
yeah
okay I'm having a hard time with this
one this is like a I don't know if I'm
just in a weird mood or what is is this
uh
this gets extruded
by oh wait we do that first okay
okay 120
okay so wait now I think
I so the distance from this outer
wall to here
it should be 855 + 15 so to that wall is
100 yes yes it is that is
accurate and I'm also pretty sure it's
right
because it used to be 100 mm to the
center of that hole and the hole on the
other side of the wall was 8 mm to that
wall
so very
good so
now if we were to Go activate
this draw a new
sketch take this oh I guess we have this
do we have
this I'm going to draw a circle
here oh we don't have these lines
anymore great
right this needs to be 184 wait no no no
no so now the distance between here
okay we're starting to get somewhere I
really had a huge freaking brain fart
but we're not going to mirror component
we're going to copy it and we're going
to Joint it manually because that's the
only way to get this thing
right okay now I want to know the
distance from here to here better be 57
why is it 42
wait why is it
oh wait what is the
eight why is it eight not
seven I thought I'm missing
the I did 15 on one side we have seven
for the
wall and
then what the hell 15
50 is the wall
eight no I don't think the wall is
eight yeah so what the [__]
whatever I don't know
I don't really know where that how that
happened okay so let's um hmer this out
damn
it this is and this is this but then
this can move around but it's C okay
then this is
he
oh
wow that was exactly what I
wanted oh there
okay that's it so now we just need to
take
this the this
this this
this okay we need to go back to this oh
wait I forget how much is that
Extrusion B
B three I thought it was three I was
right this is a freaking bodge man and
why are we doing this
we're doing this
because I would really
like I would really like the axis of
rotation to be at the center of the
device
for e
I wonder if I could have just I wonder
if I could have just
um set the holder width to uh eight less
than what I had
before that might have worked
anyways we're almost done
here so we good here I think we're good
here so we can
copy paste
what
paste why can't I
paste
copy paste
no that's not
right damn it what oh
wait
okay for
I don't even think this is right
because oh hold
on how do we do this again we want to
I'm going to
join
this wait is that what I
want does it say what
body no wait that was right I get it
oh
[__] oh wait we're good
okay
what wait wait wait where did I save
this
thing
okay uh okay so let's insert derive uh
from the
assembly nothing and then we select
the wait is it that one no we want no we
don't we we want um this one slightly
different where is
it okay now we're trying to
join this
part to
here then we just need to move it in 17
oh wait why don't I just do it the
better
way okay
then we're now inserting the uh the big
boy which is ball shooter too
okay now we just need to
join
whoa we going to join it to this
guy then we need to move it up by
80 and over by five
okay now we did it hell yeah bro that
was it that's definitely
it good
stuff
for
e e
okay it's unfortunate
that wait but uh see that's the problem
is I shouldn't have even redesigned
because doing this redesign means that
now I have to reprint
these uh
because okay so let's
uh let's go back to here so we have this
feeder thing so what we actually need is
to make the this the effective Center
Line midplane of
everything but I don't want to do
that and I've already messed with so
much should I take the L I feel like I
just take the L and ditch this
design okay so now that we have
this we need a way to put in the
feeder so I'm going to do a new
component
it's going to be called
feeder okay we're going to create a
sketch on here and now we actually
can make these
6.2 and we can make our
lines doesn't matter when I do it
oh
wait
uh I could have
uh I could have but uh let's um let's um
so what was this
one that was okay so there's a weird
tangle here that
ideally you don't have but that's
fine so anyways we uh are going to make
two circles
here
um this gu oops
okay then the distance to here is 15 and
the distance to here is 70
okay okay this is
6.2 and then uh we're
good now we just need to edit
[Music]
this I need some music
dude I'm getting absolutely hammered
today absolutely demolished by this
freaking
design it's the integration man
if I got it on feel I KN I forgot it
against
[Music]
die
my my
[Music]
sh wish
I
[Music]
I it I it I it so I hate it I it I hate
it so I it I it I it I I
[Music]
I I definitely need to
control
R I
started Bur the Wood Bridge on the roof
of
[Music]
my I KN
iot a suit I got
[Music]
sh
I
let me go get a Servo and then just like
look at it for a little
bit
e
e e
I'm lowy imagining like a you take like
a 2 L bottle you cut off the top
then you print a
fitting so how would it go so it would
go like this so if I'm looking at this
like that
you'd have to prevent this thing from
jamming because these servos I think if
you what the
[__] the right s
so
for e
yeah I
mean uh oops
um that's actually interesting I've
never done this before so what I want to
do is I want to
make so it's going to be
like
this and the wheels are
here e
yeah I want to do it with the servo so
okay
so let's just get started
it's always hard to do this starting
stuff so why does this look so
goofy
oh I just do that as a force of habit
thing it's so it's kind of lame actually
sure what did I just do um
[Music]
this is H
30 and each of these is 10 yeah that's
fine that should be
fine you shoot this by
five actually
they shouldn't have to hold much weight
at
all this needs to be like
120 okay
[Music]
it's probably because it's
oh
whatever what's the width of these
servos I think I have a Servo actually
in my component Library
okay that should
work so it's going to be like right
towards the
top that's actually not going to
work unless you put it in this
way that should be fine oh and then you
need this stupid triangle I hated
messing that up a bunch
so basically what I'm
imagining is in here you draw rectangle
and you cut it out then you have the
Serv a slot into there then you screw it
in you don't really get that
much I wonder if I could do something
silly
it's crazy they only give you one of
these
okay um so this is not going to work as
well as I thought maybe I could if I did
it
sideways how about that I'll do it
sideways so what is the okay so let's uh
open up I don't even know where it would
be two servo
okay so this wall to this wall the hell
all this projected geometry is 54 so we
need to go
here and edit this initial sketch to be
60 what
[Music]
oh wait wait wait no but yeah
okay fine
and then the distance between here and
here I wonder if I could just do a join
and then combine cut because then I
won't have to deal with the triangle
nonsense that would be
nice that's
44 so if
so that's 30 so that's fine we have
plenty of clearance there
so let's do a joint
where so okay so let's let's just draw
on
here that's super
annoying and you can't hide
that yeah
whatever so we need a rectangle here
wait do we even need to do
this we just need to
find this and
this two so we make it two and a
half jeez
this is getting
difficult okay so let's just make this
okay now we need to make this exactly
right so this hole needs to be here to
here 40.4 so we're going to make this
41 and then from here to here is
20 wait what
oh yeah that looks way more normal from
that angle I was like
what okay so we're going to
extrude but we need the we need the
holes but
that's that's fine so the holes we just
need to find the distance from this
Center Point to this line just
four so let's just draw a line
this okay the distance from here to here
needs to
be e
okay so uh what's wrong here it's this
this needs to be probably like
five now we need circles
here and this is going to be
2.5 and then
oh and then the distance from here to
here is 4.5 right no is it
four yeah I just make it
2.75 Okay now what's wrong with this
thing oh
the
uh the distance from here to
here wait that's not really what we want
though
um the Min distance from here to here
is five okay so it's five from
there is that that wall I think it is
okay
so are we sure I feel like that's bigger
than yeah I'm going to make this
five that looks huge
though okay I'm gonna make him five I
think I think five is
right so then
all right so let's
uh take
these extrude them to uh
[Music]
here okay now we're going to insert a
component
so wait we're putting it in this
way so that point is going to the back
of it
wait I did something
stupid wait I want to okay wait I just
want to do this
oh wait okay
wait can I get this wrong I don't know
if I can get this I probably can get
this
wrong so we don't want to flip
it so cancel that
that seems fine to me
except we need to do oh
sh okay whatever um
I think that's wrong right
yeah oh
no oh
no wait why did that even happen
oh
nice okay now wait no no that's not nice
what happened
okay we've just inserted it
no now we make a rigid group of all this
now if I do this and I move this
thing well it all came with it but let's
try to do the join again
okay I think we did it nice so we just
needed the rigid group okay but now I
need to do an interference
thing whereby
I
um I do a
combine the target body is this and the
tool body is this
nope is this why can't I select
that dude
what what the
freck why can't I
um why can't I
I don't understand why I can't click on
this thing
whoa can I select on anything from this
thing I don't get this thing at
all I want to cut
it why are there so many
bodies can I just combine oh oh wait let
me just try to do
that yeah it's like this thing is
invisible what does that
mean is that a surface is that this I
feel like that color means it's a
surface
let me try to find another
mg995 this is almost certainly the one
that I um for
wait uh it's in pictures
3D okay let's just uh download it again
cuz I forget
hello for
oh [__] I didn't mean to put it on
shared
wait that might not work because I have
to
upload it's not six yet so maybe it'll
finish in
time you know what I'll
do I'll just leave it as
is but I'm going to take
out I'm going to take out some of it
oh really let's go look well let's go
look in a
minute okay let's go back
to
feater this sketch
wait but this is going to be really weak
then I hate this I hate this little
triangle I don't know why they added
that little
triangle I guess it's for strength but
it's so goddamn
annoying I don't why I can't do an
interference I guess this is
all these aren't bodies like what are
they unstitched how do I
oh sick okay that's all I had to
do hell yeah
okay wait so um
that so freaking
sick oh wait I needed to keep that okay
there there we go and then we just want
to we're going to do an offset faces a
little bit but that's it bro I'm sick
I'm hella
sick wait what's wrong with this
okay combine this this no
what keep
tools there we go okay now we're going
to hide
this and we're just going to do
this bing
bing we should make this a little bit
longer then CU this is going to be weak
for the most part
wait that flattened too
much I flatten too much
wait can we just do
these what the hell is going on
here what is in front of
me I'm
soloing I wish it was searchable I wish
it was
searchable take this take this cute
perfect hell
yeah bro I'm freaking getting good at
this
[__] is it0 2 or 0.1
wait I don't want it to be that
much yeah that makes sense
all right
for
wait why is it
hidden oh that's
annoying okay so my script is
like kind of sucky in that regard
okay that should be
good but the problem
is okay so what I want to
do you can't make it
zero that works that's a good
idea
now the thing is this isn't
centered h e
[Music]
okay so wait so we need to go
back the initial sketch we probably need
to make this
let me let me actually
check I can't get that Center
Point well let just
say from here
to here seven
oh wait why does that look right
my bad my bad that's my
bad oh wait oh yeah we just need to
change the
midpoint oh and we want to add some
clearance actually for this cut
oh we do have some clearance on that cut
so we just need
to we just want to delete
this and then
this okay this can
move so we want this point and this line
to be coincident but this
[Music]
no why is
that
oh no no no there's a coincident
constraint that we
need let's delete both of
these we need a midpoint line
here and then the
mirror we delete
these and we do
this now we Define this
distance to be
I don't
know
15 okay so now now we can go
here
here so let's
um go to that
sketch make this
cool so now
now the question
is well first
off this initial Extrusion no this
Extrusion needs to be
like 160 wait can we just put it up to
here
let me go get my prince
e
e e
okay ABS is
ABS is literally garbage every part was
broken I got to find a place
that bamboo pla nearby
names some stores I might be able to get
bamboo pla at locally I need it
soon is there a Best Buy
around
e e
okay no way
these prices are insane but I'm going to
pay
them you got to be kidding me
dude actually no this isn't so bad $17 a
roll that's not bad
what the
[__] should I end the stream and go get
the PLA and restart it
they close at
8 okay I'm going to clean up and go get
this pla I'll be back
probably whoa 9 hours stream I didn't
even do anything
today
BR what did I do failed at connecting my
phone to
um the
uh
ESP then I designed this phone
holder or this
um this
assembly how did this take me 9 hours
this is basically all I
did all right well it's still early and
I've already eaten
so let's get let's [__] get it you
know
all right time to clean
[Music]
up for
yeah I'm going to end the
stream H what whatever